
JP
compare data model in java and database tables to generate excel report on difference in two.Further generating the sql script to bring DB tables in sync with java data model
Hosting a rest web service on embedded java web server on standalone java application.
J2Se server having gigantic java caches.This J2SE server will then publish message to other J2SE caches server through server-server JMS bridge.
Data semantic and … in order to remove anamoly and unify them to make it available via web service
OMS- server in hot warm mode.recoverable cache implementation in case of server failure.
About university
Data difference tool:
Every release we used to manually compare data model in java and database. After manual comparison and script generation for twice she came up with idea of automizing generation of sql script.
S/w program to  generate excel report to show mismatch.And generation of  the sql scripts            to synchronize java data model and database tables.
Tech skills:
Right choice of DS,algo for comparison,libraries for reading java model ,writing to excel.Software Design etc.
Taking initiative
Novel idea
Research skills.
Standalone java application having data caches.
Socket pgm-netty-apache cxf to make use of embedded java web server to host  
3.
While research she used to put extra work hours in order to meet tight deadline.While development she considered a holistic view taking care of security concerns.
Ultra sensitive[security concerns](high volume)[latency requirements][payload design-by understanding the relationship among data for optimum size and complexity for processing] client data evaluating options to create new component in existing distributed architecture[Giving detail on architecture complexity]
Research on web service to be used and payload design[Putting extra work hours and weekend till satisfying solution was developed on time].
Desire for perfection and hard work.
3. In our team we love to hear her stories about how tech company or start up has caused disruptions using new technology,.Out of work pressure she finds out time to attend seminar on Artificial intelligence and machine learning. There is seminar on IBM watson cognitoy which we had attended together.She poses smart/insighful questions during QA session which is fascinating.
4.Prove strong concept in OS,network topology by giving example of one of the production issue.
4.Ability to carry out task with diverse group of people - Requirement gathered from three region global team and till implementation- diverse group of people-work hours-avg age-maturity to understand people-different business requirements-collate into one solution.
Her strong concepts on fundamental of CS like programming,architecture and proficiency in  design concepts (choose one or two and with examples prove in resume) can be useful in teaching undergraduate students.
Deep understanding of corporate system has widen the outlook,She has developed a holistic view In summary her …..would help in achieving good grades at university
